Make systemtest runs portable and re-runnable from CI artifacts (#724)
precice/tutorials: tools/tests/README.md

### Re-running from CI artifacts

When a system test fails in CI, download the **full** artifact:

`system_tests_run_<run_id>_<run_attempt>_full`

(a smaller `_logs` archive contains only log files). The archive contains a shared `runs/` directory:

```text
runs/
├── tools/                              # Dockerfiles and helpers (shared)
└── <tutorial>_<cases>_<timestamp>/     # one folder per system test
    ├── docker-compose.tutorial.yaml
    ├── docker-compose.field_compare.yaml   # if fieldcompare ran
    ├── rerun_systemtest.sh
    ├── system-tests-build.log
    ├── system-tests-run.log
    ├── system-tests-compare.log
    └── …
```

To re-run one test locally:

1. Extract the zip and keep the `runs/` layout (the test folder needs the sibling `tools/` directory).
2. `cd` into the test folder.
3. Run `./rerun_systemtest.sh` (or `sh rerun_systemtest.sh`).

The script rebuilds images, runs the tutorial, and (if present) runs fieldcompare with `--exit-code-from field-compare`, matching the Python runner. Compose paths are relative to the test folder (`..` is the parent `runs/` directory), so you can move the extracted tree elsewhere on a Linux host with Docker.

> Fieldcompare requires reference results in the artifact (unpacked during the original CI run) or you must unpack them manually first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fieldcompare requires reference results in the artifact. If not already unpacked during the original CI run, unpack them manually first.
```

When a system test fails in CI, download the **full** artifact:

`system_tests_run_<run_id>_<run_attempt>_full`

(a smaller `_logs` archive contains only log files). The archive contains a shared `runs/` directory:

```text
runs/
├── tools/                              # Dockerfiles and helpers (shared)
└── <tutorial>_<cases>_<timestamp>/     # one folder per system test
    ├── docker-compose.tutorial.yaml
    ├── docker-compose.field_compare.yaml   # written at build time when compare is configured
    ├── rerun-system-test.sh
    ├── system-tests-build.log
    ├── system-tests-run.log
    ├── system-tests-compare.log
    └── …
```

To re-run one test locally:

1. Extract the zip and keep the `runs/` layout (the test folder needs the sibling `tools/` directory).
2. `cd` into the test folder.
3. Run `./rerun-system-test.sh` (or `sh rerun-system-test.sh`).

The script rebuilds images, runs the tutorial, and (if present) runs fieldcompare with `--exit-code-from field-compare`, matching the Python runner. Compose paths are relative to the test folder (`..` is the parent `runs/` directory), so you can move the extracted tree elsewhere on a Linux host with Docker.

> `docker-compose.field_compare.yaml` is written when the test is prepared for Docker build. If an older artifact omits it, the original run likely failed before compare. The replay script fixes common permission issues from extracted archives (`chmod` before compose).

Reviewer: No need to document anything specific to the review, if the problem should not be a problem anymore, and no need to give implementation details here:

```suggestion
`docker-compose.field_compare.yaml` is written when the test is prepared for Docker build. The replay script fixes common permission issues from extracted archives.
```

  - `print_case_combinations.py`: Prints all possible combinations of tutorial cases, using the `metadata.yaml` files.
  - `build_docker_images.py`: Build the Docker images for each test
  - `generate_reference_results.py`: Executes the system tests with the versions defined in `reference_versions.yaml` and generates the reference data archives, with the names described in `tests.yaml`. (should only be used by the CI Pipeline)

>   - `rerun_systemtest.sh`: Helper script copied into each run directory so CI artifacts can be replayed locally (see [#387](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/issues/387)).

Reviewer: No need to point to the issue here, it will be already closed, and it does not include more information:

```suggestion
  - `rerun_systemtest.sh`: Helper script copied into each run directory so CI artifacts can be replayed locally.
```
